Please Enter your team's full names and your answers to QS questions here!

Group Number: 9
Team members: Chelsea Murray (CS5013) & Wonoo Choo (CS5013)


QS1.1: explain the implementation of ReflexAgent  in multiAgents.py and how you improved it.
Initially, ReflexAgent made decisions for its next move based on the score of the next state. While this does inform 
Pacman's movement, it doesn't fully consider the risks involved with moving in the direction of a ghost (i.e. Pacman
might move towards a ghost if food pellets are in that direction). The current implementation provides strong 
discouragement from moving into a position where Pacman is 1 space away from a ghost (which would put the ghost in a
position to attack Pacman) and strong encouragement to seek the next adjacent dot IF it doesn't put Pacman in the path
of a ghost. Otherwise, he takes the path that leads him to the closest dot, without predicting the ghost's actions at
all. This way, Pacman can consider risk/reward and choose to bypass a nearby dot in order to avoid ghosts on a turn-by-turn 
basis.

QS1.2: What is your value function and why do you think this estimation makes sense?
Currently, there are 3 "options" for a value state in ReflexAgent:
1) A large negative number (if the next state would put Pacman in the path of danger);
2) A large positive number (if the next state would result in eating a dot, and isn't in the path of a ghost);
3) A positive value that is a function of the proximity of the nearest dot (1/distance to dot).
This means that when considering moves, the lowest-value moves (by far!) are the ones which move Pacman directly next
to a ghost. The highest value moves (again, by a landslide!) are the ones which cause Pacman to eat a dot (and not
encounter a ghost). In the case that there is no way to safely eat a dot for the next move, the chosen move will be 
the highest positive value (in a range of 0<n<=1), which represents the distance to the nearest dot after that move (ex.
a score of 1 means that Pacman will be within 1 square of a dot, while a score of 0.25 means that Pacman will be within
4 squares of a dot).
This makes sense because Pacman's goal is to eat food dots, as quickly as possible, so dots in close proximity are high
priority--BUT, the game will immediately end if Pacman is caught by a ghost, so avoiding the ghost agent is a higher
priority than food.

QS 2.1: The minimax algorithm was solved using a recursive method.
        The function recursively searches through every legal actions recursively.
        If the given state's depth is equal to the search depth or it is a leaf node,
        then it returns the evaluation of the current state. As the function returns the 
        reward value, it backtracks to where the function call was made, where the reward
        value is then compared to only save the optimal value and corresponding action. 
        This recursive nature backtracks all the way to the root node where it will find its
        appropriate optimal action. 

QS 3.1: The AlphaBetaAgent and the MinimaxAgent behaves identically as AlphaBeta Pruning 
        algorithm is an extension of Minimax where it avoids visiting nodes that are guaranteed
        to not change the outcome. Therefore, the behaviour of the two agents are identical however,
        the AlphaBetaAgent is able to achieve the same outcome with fewer computations.

QS 3.2: As instructed for grading purposes, the nodes are not pruned when they have give the same 
        reward value. The node that came first is given priority, thus if action East and West gives
        the same reward and action East was observed first, then the AlphaBetaAgent will stick with 
        the action East as it was the first visited node.

QS 4.1: Explain your Expectimax algorithm
The Expectimax agent is set to evaluate 1) the score at the current state, if it is an end state; 2) return the highest
score if the agent at the current depth is Pacman; 3) return the average of scores (expected score) if the agent at the
current depth is a ghost. The highest score is determined by searching outcomes recursively with a helper method until
the deepest level of the search tree is reached.

Q5.1: explain your new evaluation function, why do you think this new evaluation function is better compared to the previous one?
The new evaluation function, rather than evaluating the ideal action for the immediate next state, takes the time to do a 
breadth-first search of future outcomes and takes a high-scoring path. It does this by evaluating future eating opportunities, 
capsule opportunities, and the chance of encountering a scared ghost (good) versus an unscared ghost (bad). This evaluation 
function gives better results because it considers the consequences of upcoming actions over many "turns" instead of just the 
next depth.