Group Number: 9
Team members: Chelsea Murray (CS5013) & Wonoo Choo (CS5013)

Section 1 - Please describe in 2-3 sentences your methodology for choosing the number of hidden layers, 
            batch size, learning rates, and number of nodes. Please mention any reduction schemas utilized 
            or any noteworthy trial and error experiments.

I chose the 3 hidden layers with sizes of 400, 300, and 200 so that the layers funnel down to a decreasing
size to the final output layer. The learning rate was chosen to begin at 0.15 and after every epoch, the 
learning rate was decayed by a factor of 0.35, where the minimum learning rate was set to be 0.001. This 
was done so that it can have higher learning rate initially and when it reaches the desired accuracy, the
learning rate will decrease over time to minimize fluctuation in the performance of the model. The layer
size and the learning rate was chosen with trial and error. It was found that a single layer was under
performing and struggled to reach accuracy of 98% in 5 epochs, so additional layers was chosen. Initial
learning rate greater than 0.15 were too high and it would fluctuate even at initial stages of learning. 
The decay rate was set as 0.35 as anything higher was decaying too slowly and the performance fluctuated 
while anything lower, the learning rate decayed too quickly and the learning process was too slow. The 
batch size of 25 was chosen at at random and it worked. I chose this as it was a small enough batch that 
is manageable computationally and is not too small to be able to give the model correct direction to learn.

Section 2.q1 - In 2-3 sentences please explain the purpose of Intersection over Union operation.

For object detection, IoU defines how much space two boxes predicting the same object have in common. Because
IoU is defined as (area of intersection)/(area of union), which can be understood as (area two boxes have
in common)/(the total region taken up by both boxes), 0 <= IoU <= 1, and the more two boxes overlap, the 
higher IoU score they will have. This value is used to identify boxes which contain mostly the same region 
of the image (value approaching 1 as area of intersection approaches area of union), and in non-max 
suppression, is used to filter out many boxes which may have detected the same object.

Section 2.q2 - In 2-3 sentences please explain the purpose of non-max suppression.

When implementing non-max suppression, predictions are simplified by using an IoU threshold to identify boxes 
that overlap significantly (i.e. intersection area is closer to union area) and, in those cases, discard the 
box with the lower score. This ensures that two detected "objects" are not actually the same object identified 
in two different boxes, but rather that each object is only detected in one box, and that the box identifying 
it has the greatest probability of identifying that object (meaning it is most likely to contain the object, 
and to contain the whole object). Non-max suppression ensures the most accurate result when simplifying many
detected objects to a few defined regions of highest likelihood to contain the desired object.

Section 2.5 - In 2-3 sentences explain the results, scores, and boxes in the output image.

The boxes drawn over the image depict the results of 1) filtering (identifying regions of the image which
have a significant likelihood of containing an object of some class), and 2) non-max suppression (reducing the
regions to only the boxes most likely to contain an object without significant overlap with another box of 
greater likelihood). The resulting image shows the visual representation of the regions which "won out" in 
non-max suppression and their scores for a likely object (i.e. "car 0.68" means 68% chance the box contains 
a car). Only the regions of the image which meet a certain threshold of probability of containing an object
of any class are actually drawn and described.
