QS1.1   computeActionFromValues(state) were implemented by iterating through
        all possible actions available from the given state and finding the
        action that resulted in maximum reward by using computeQValueFromValues 
        function.

QS1.2   computeQValueFromValues(state, action) was implemented by using the known
        MDP to find all possible transitions from the given state action pair. 
        Using the possible transition probability and state, the Q value of the 
        given state action value was computed.

QS2.1   1. For the agent to select the close exit it must believe that reward of 
        1, is better than reward of 10 from its current position. Therefore,
        discount of 0.1 was selected. For the agent to risk the cliff, the agent 
        must believe that risking the cliff will be worth the reward at the end 
        of it which in this case is 1, therefore noise=0. To direct the agent 
        towards a reward, living cost of -0.1 was selected as if its too big, 
        the agent may think jumping off the cliff straight away to be the better
        option than reaching a goal.

        2. For the agent to select the close exit it must believe that reward of 
        1, is better than reward of 10 from its current position. Therefore,
        discount of 0.1 was selected. For the agent to avoid the cliff, induce 
        noise: noise = 0.1. To direct the agent towards a reward: 
        living cost = -0.1

        3. To direct agent towards distant exit: discount=1 so that there is no
        discount and where ever it is, it will be attracted to distant exit. To
        direct agent to risking the cliff, remove noise: noise=0, now there is 
        no 'risk' of risking the cliff. To direct the agent towards a reward:
        living cost = -0.1.

        4. To direct agent towards distant exit: discount=1 so that there is no
        discount and where ever it is, it will be attracted to distant exit. To
        direct agent to avoiding the cliff, induce noise: noise=0.1, now the risk
        of falling to cliff is not worth it and goes around. To direct the agent
        towards a reward: living cost = -0.1.

        5. To direct agent to stay in the maze: living cost=10. To make sure 
        the agent doesn't exit through a reward: discount=0.01. To make sure
        it doesn't accidentally exit: noise=0.

QS3.1   First the agent initializes Q as a counter where it takes [state, action]
        to retrieve its value for the state action pair. The Q value update was
        computed by first finding the Q value for current state action pair and
        the maximum Q value of the next state was computed using 
        computeValueFromQValues. The computeValueFromQValues were computed by 
        iterating through the possible actions from that state and computing the
        Q value of the state action pair of the action that gave the most reward. 

QS4.1   Yes, when epsilon=0.1, the agent exploited its known policy most of the 
        time however, when epsilon=0.5, it explored more of the grid. Thus, when
        the value of the epsilon was low, it took much longer for it to compute 
        the Q value for all possible state action pair than when the value of 
        epsilon was high and it was able to find the optimal policy faster.

QS4 optional:
        python crawler.py works with no additional code. I initially increased the
        value of epsilon to be high to increase exploration of the agent. Then,
        the epsilon was set to a lower value like 0.0001, and it was able to 
        walk forward and exploit the learned policy. Even when epsilon was set
        to be constant value of 0.1, it was able to exploit and explore its 
        policy.